W 11934107 rpa connector update esb (#342)
mulesoft/docs-composer: en/mulesoft/modules/ROOT/pages/ms_composer_ms_release_notes.adoc

* You can now add custom logic, such as `and`, `or`, or `not`, in conditional statements when building an action and in If/Else statements.

> * In RPA Connector, you can now test an RPA process using sample data without actually invoking the RPA process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* In RPA Connector, you can now test an RPA process using sample data without invoking the RPA process.
```

> * In RPA Connector, if you are connected to your RPA organization but no processes appear in the dropdown for the *RPA Process* field, you can now connect directly to your RPA Organization to see your processes by clicking the *Create an invokable run config from MuleSoft RPA* button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* In RPA Connector, you can now connect directly to your RPA Organization to see your processes by clicking the *Create an invokable run config from MuleSoft RPA* button when you are connected to your RPA organization and no processes appear in the dropdown for the *RPA Process* field.
```

Reviewer: I feel like that sentence is way too long but I couldn't think of a way to shorten it either. I do feel like the order should be reversed though to tell them what they can now do first.

> * In RPA Connector, when you select the RPA Process dropdown, the values that appear are now listed in the following format: *<category> / <process name>*. For example, *Claims / Check for updates*. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* In RPA Connector, when you select the *RPA Process* dropdown, the values that appear are now listed in the following format: *<category> / <process name>*. For example, *Claims / Check for updates*. 
```
